you will. All officers will accrue leave at the rate of 2.5 days per month,
which eagles out to 30 days a year. Uh, you will not be able to
use 30 days a year, and you will largely usually accumulate leave
to the point where they make you lose some. I believe it's about 60.
At 60 days, you can accrue anymore leave. So, uh, with that in mind,
usually when you have it, when you have the opportunity, I was always
told, Leave is a mission, so and we don't and we want to avoid people
losing leave if we can all help it so encourage as a leader encouraging
people to take leave, they will work hard enough to deserve
it, whether now or later. So don't be afraid to take leave. Sometimes
it may be denied, but that's usually the exception.